---
title: What we're doing with bias detection
date: 2019-05-31 23:00:00 +0000
thumb_img_path: images/6_thumb.jpg
content_img_path: images/6.jpg
excerpt: The rationale around what we're trying to acheive
layout: post
subtitle: ''

---
After spending long periods of time trying to get tools like the Gender Bias Detector and Textio to work for our clients we decided to build something that does exactly what we want it to... and exactly what our clients need.

We're building upon the amazing work that is done by those that have paved the way in the past, but allowing businesses to ramp it up beyond checking one document at a time.

The tools is designed to index either your website, your ATS, and internal set of documents.... anywhere that you have content.

Then, using state-of-the-art technology it breaks each document down to detect a range of different bias and puts the results into actionable reports.

If you want a wholistic view of the company progress, we've got that. If you want them combined by job family, departement, role, job type.... you can do that too. If you want to just review your about us page.... yep, we can do that as well.

The AI that powers the tool is only half the brilliance, it also relies on an evolving data set that has stemmed from academic research from one of the premiere University's in the UK... but more on that in another post.

We're taking on test partners at the moment and are looking to work with clients who are dedicated to providing a more diverse environment for their current and future employees. If this sounds like you, reach out and we can start the conversation.